Internationalization feature docs (#762)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/internationalization.md

---
title: "Internationalization"
description: "How Kiali is displayed in mutliple languages."
---

> Kiali is used worldwide and some users prefer to display Kiali in a language that they feel more comfortable than English. For this reason Kiali supports internationalization and it has been translated into multiple languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiali is used worldwide and some users prefer to display Kiali in a language that they are more comfortable with than English. For this reason Kiali supports internationalization and it can be localized into multiple languages.
```

> Kiali is used worldwide and some users prefer to display Kiali in a language that they feel more comfortable than English. For this reason Kiali supports internationalization and it has been translated into multiple languages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Kiali is used worldwide and some users prefer to display Kiali in a language that they feel more comfortable than English. For this reason Kiali supports internationalization, and it has been translated into multiple languages.
```

Current supported languages are English and Chinese.

## Language Selector

Kiali provides a language selector in the Masthead to be able to switch Kiali between supported languages:

![Masthead language selector](/images/documentation/features/internationalization-masthead.png "Masthead language selector")

> By default language selector is hidden and English is the default language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the language selector is hidden, and English is the default language.
```

> By default language selector is hidden and English is the default language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the language selector is hidden, and English is the default language.
```

Reviewer 2: @jshaughn made this identical suggestion

> In order to show the language selector a feature flag must be enabled in Kiali CR configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to show the language selector a feature flag must be enabled in the Kiali CR configuration:
```

Reviewer 2: I made the same suggestion (get off my lawn!) but I removed the word configuration. It doesn't really make sense to say "the Kiali CR configuration." You are enabling it in "the  Kiali CR" which defines the server configuration :)

It's all semantics, I don't care either way :) but for the record I don't ever say "the Kiali CR configuration" --- saying "the Kial CR" suffices.

> In order to show the language selector a feature flag must be enabled in Kiali CR configuration:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to show the language selector a feature flag must be enabled in the Kiali CR:
```

```yaml
spec:
  kiali_feature_flags:
    ui_defaults:
      i18n:
        language: en
        show_selector: true
```

You can also modify the default language shown in Kiali (values according to ISO 639-1 codes):

| <div style="width:100px">Language</div> | <div style="width:70px">Code</div> |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------- |
| English                                 | en                                 |

> | Chinese                                 | zh                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Chinese                                 | zh                                 |
| English                                 | en                                 |
```

Reviewer 2: never, ever write a list that isn't alphabetized... jay will find you :)

Author: hahaha :-)

<br />

> As an example this is how Kiali displays overview page in Chinese language:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, this is how Kiali displays the Overview page in Chinese:
```

> As an example this is how Kiali displays overview page in Chinese language:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example this is how Kiali displays the overview page in the Chinese language:
```

Reviewer 2: jay made a similar suggestion - take his.
